DURM(1)

NAME
	durm - displays the disk usage of the TRASH directory

SYNOPSIS
	durm

DESCRIPTION
	This manual page documents the shell script durm. durm displays the current disk usage of the TRASH directory.
	It does not take any options or arguments to run.

LSRM(1)

NAME
	lsrm - displays the contents of each of the files in the TRASH directory in long form

SYNOPSIS
	lsrm

DESCRIPTION
	This manual page documents the shell script lsrm. lsrm displays the current contents of the TRASH directory.
	It does not take in any arguments.
	It calls ls -l on each file in the directory


TRASH(1)

NAME
	trash - removes all the contents of the TRASH directory

SYNOPSIS
	trash

DESCRIPTION
	This manual page documents the shell script trash. trash removes all of the files within the TRASH directory.
	It does not take any arguments to execute.

UNRM(1)

NAME
	unrm - Places specified file back into the current working directory

SYNOPSIS
	unrm FILE...

DESCRIPTION
	This manual page documents the shell script unrm. unrm moves all the files specified from the TRASH directory back
	into the current working directory. unrm takes in as arguments the files that the user wishes to recover



SRM(1)                                                                                      User Commands                                                                                      RM(1)

NAME
       srm - safely remove files or directories by moving them into a TRASH directory

SYNOPSIS
       srm [OPTION]... FILE...

DESCRIPTION
       This manual page documents the srm script. It will move any file specified in the arguments into the environment variable TRASH.
       The user should have this variable defined before using any of the scripts within this suite and the scripts will inform the user of this as well.

       Should the user pass any options into srm,  the script will simply call rm instead with the options provided. Options passed to srm will not have
       any special interaction with the TRASH directory specified in the environment variable.

       If the user calls srm upon a file with the same name as a file within the TRASH directory, the script will overwrite the original file within the 
       TRASH directory and replace it with the new file that was passed as an argument to srm.

OPTIONS FOR SRM
       Remove (unlink) the FILE(s).

       -f, --force
              ignore nonexistent files and arguments, never prompt

       -i     prompt before every removal

       -I     prompt once before removing more than three files, or when removing recursively; less intrusive than -i, while still giving protection against most mistakes

       --interactive[=WHEN]
              prompt according to WHEN: never, once (-I), or always (-i); without WHEN, prompt always

       --one-file-system
              when removing a hierarchy recursively, skip any directory that is on a file system different from that of the corresponding command line argument

       --no-preserve-root
              do not treat '/' specially

       --preserve-root
              do not remove '/' (default)

       -r, -R, --recursive
              remove directories and their contents recursively

       -d, --dir
              remove empty directories

       -v, --verbose
              explain what is being done

       --help display this help and exit

       --version
              output version information and exit

       By default, rm does not remove directories.  Use the --recursive (-r or -R) option to remove each listed directory, too, along with all of its contents.

       To remove a file whose name starts with a '-', for example '-foo', use one of these commands:

              rm -- -foo

              rm ./-foo

       Note  that  if you use rm to remove a file, it might be possible to recover some of its contents, given sufficient expertise and/or time.  For greater assurance that the contents are truly
       unrecoverable, consider using shred.

       GNU coreutils online help: <http://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/> Report rm translation bugs to <http://translationproject.org/team/>

AUTHOR
       Written by Paul Rubin, David MacKenzie, Richard M. Stallman, and Jim Meyering.

COPYRIGHT
       Copyright © 2013 Free Software Foundation, Inc.  License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
       This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.  There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

SEE ALSO
       unlink(1), unlink(2), chattr(1), shred(1)

       The full documentation for rm is maintained as a Texinfo manual.  If the info and rm programs are properly installed at your site, the command

              info coreutils 'rm invocation'

       should give you access to the complete manual.



GNU coreutils 8.22                                                                         November 2016                                                                                      RM(1)
